Add Documentation for BackendLBPolicy (v1.1 Experimental) (#3461)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/api-types/backendlbpolicy.md

    the Experimental Channel since `v1.0.0`. For more information on release
    channels, refer to our [versioning guide](/concepts/versioning).

`BackendLBPolicy` is a Gateway API type for handling load-balancing configuration
for the traffic between a Gateway and backend Pods through the Service API.

## Background

`BackendLBPolicy` specifically addresses the configuration of load balancing for traffic between the Gateway and backend services. This enables the Gateway to manage how traffic is distributed to backend Pods after routing has been completed.

While other API objects exist for configuring routing and connection behavior, this API object allows users to specifically configure backend load-balancing behavior, such as session persistence and load-balancing algorithms. 
For more information on load balancing configuration in the Gateway API, refer to Load Balancing configuration in Gateway API.

BackendLBPolicy is a Direct [PolicyAttachment](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/policy-attachment/)
applied to a Service that accesses a backend. It does not include defaults or overrides and resides in the same namespace as the targeted backend.

> In future, BackendLBPolicy enhancements will be there which add additional configurations which includes connection draining, logging that makes central manageable backend traffic policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In future, BackendLBPolicy enhancements may be added for features like connection draining or logging.
```
This sentence doesn't parse very well, is this better?

## Features

BackendLBPolicy API currently supports Session persistence configuration.

> - Cookie-Based Persistence - Core feture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cookie-Based Persistence - Core feature for the object. Although supporting `BackendLBPolicy` is optional, if the object is supported, then Cookie-Based Persistence must also be supported.;
```

> - Header-Based Persistence - It will be extended feature and optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Header-Based Persistence - Extended feature for the object. Supporting `BackendLBPolicy` is optional, and if it is supported, then supporting Header-Based persistence is also optional.
```

    backendLBPolicy -->spec
    backendLBPolicy -->status
    spec -->targetRefs & sessionPersistence
    status -->ancestorStatus
    targetRefs -->service
    note[<em>Future additions:<br>Load balancing algorithm, timeout, logging</em>]
    style note fill:#fff
    sessionPersistence -.- note
```

The following illustrates a BackendLBPolicy integrates with a Gateway serving a backend:
```mermaid
flowchart LR
    client(["Client"])
    gateway["Gateway"]
    style gateway fill:#02f,color:#fff
    httproute["HTTP<BR>Route"]
    style httproute fill:#02f,color:#fff
    service["Service"]
    style service fill:#02f,color:#fff
    pod1["Pod"]
    style pod1 fill:#02f,color:#fff
    pod2["Pod"]
    style pod2 fill:#02f,color:#fff
    client -.->|HTTP <br> request| gateway
    gateway --> httproute
    httproute -.->|BackendLBPolicy|service
    service --> pod1 & pod2
```

### Targeting backends

A BackendLBPolicy targets a backend Pod (or set of Pods) via one or more TargetRefs to a Service.  This TargetRef is a
required object reference that specifies a Service by its Name, Kind (Service), and optionally its Namespace and Group.

!!! info "Restrictions"

>     - Cross-namespace for `BackendLBPolicy` are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Cross-namespace target references for `BackendLBPolicy` are not allowed.
```

### Session Persistence

This field defined the settings for session between the Gateway and the backend. It supports two types:

>    - Cookie-Based Session Persistence - It ensures the client are consistently routed to the same backend using a cookie.
>    - Header-Based Session Persistence - It uses the custom header for session tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Cookie-Based Session Persistence - Ensures the client are consistently routed to the same backend using a cookie.
   - Header-Based Session Persistence - Uses the custom header for session tracking.
```
